c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\bin\Debug\FileUploader.exe.config
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\bin\Debug\FileUploader.exe
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\bin\Debug\FileUploader.pdb
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.g.resources
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.exe
c:\users\dragomir.donkov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.pdb
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\bin\Debug\FileUploader.exe.config
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.exe
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.pdb
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\bin\Debug\FileUploader.exe
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\bin\Debug\FileUploader.pdb
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.g.resources
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\dragomir.donkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GIT\FileUploader\FileUploader\obj\Debug\FileUploader.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
